if you didn't do well in high school or
the SATs and still want to get into a
good school
then this video is for you what's up man
what's up well what's your name my name
is Hudson I'm from Orange County
California and what do you study here
I'm at ha
I study Business Administration we were
talking a little bit before and you say
you kind of have a unique process of
getting in here but it's not unique to
this school because it's a big part of
the admission process you can talk about
how you got into UC Berkeley for sure so
I'm a junior just transferred in here
but I'm supposed to be a freshman
age-wise
so he's a genius yeah here you go we
give some good of us in California we
have something called community college
system and since we have a lot of UCS
which are public universities the state
requires them to accept transfers so if
you like graduate high school you don't
really get into good colleges you can go
to CC or Community College study for
like one or two years that are getting
associates and then you can transfer to
any you see you have to get accepted of
course but there's really high admission
rates at these UCI's because they need
the transfer students first like
somewhere at Harvard for example I think
like 11 kids get accepted a year it's
like crazy whoa first I think Berkeley
has somewhere like around 5,000 this is
a lot that's like a whole school year at
Fisher
what are the grades you need in
Community College to get into a good
school like this so honestly Oh
California set it up really well there's
a site called assist.org you can go to
that site put in the major you want the
school you want
like literally I knew exactly what
classes I needed to take and all I had
to do is just get the best grades
possible and I will say you don't need a
four oh I personally had a four oh but I
know so many people that were in the
summer program with me that had anywhere
from like a 3/4 to like a 3/7 like
grades are not everything especially for
this halls major like you need the
extracurriculars and professional
experience I think more so than the
grades first like for an econ agree I
think it's all about the grades because
like sure they still carry extra
clickers but I've heard at some of these
UCS they don't even read your essay
question really just look at your GPA
and
you finish the prereqs all these schools
especially for transfers complete
different for high school it's
completely different but for transfers
it's all about finishing the
prerequisite coursework so it's like
taking econ one and Chu taking the calc
sequence and taking your English all
that's required before you can even
transfer that actually sounds like I
wouldn't say it's easier in terms of the
amount of work you need to put in but
it's more guarantee that you can get yet
because yeah like yeah so path right you
just need to complete step by step the
hardest part is just kind of like
navigating through CC because I know a
lot of my friends like the counselors
there don't even know what they're doing
like I would ask them questions and they
wouldn't even know the answer so a lot
of days just figuring out on your own
like for example check
ratemyprofessor.com do not take a
teacher there without checking that site
and i will say like there's some really
big loopholes at CC like i took most of
my classes online that's how i finished
in a year and like I took I think 40
units in one semester well because in
California you can go sign up at another
CC like a crosstown take units there and
taking us at your home CC it's so gonna
be you just did it all in your dorm room
or my mom still cooking me dinner where
did you find out about this okay so
honestly my brother was kind of a potato
in high school and a family friend
reached out and was like hey you know
you can do this ec thing and get to a
good school like all your friends are
going to he's like okay but so he like
dropped out sophomore year cuz in
California you can take a test called
the chess B that's what I took and it's
basically like a diploma equivalency for
high school so he took that test dropped
out went to CC and he was actually at
UCLA when he was 16 so Wow
he graduate when he was 18 so you guys
aren't necessarily geniuses but you know
how to navigate the system exactly thank
you I'm so glad I found you because now
they can get into the top UC schools
exactly and apply to the privates I got
some privates I would never guess I
would get into like what slight flex but
I got into Cornell and Georgetown
both of which have like ridiculously low
acceptance rates it's honestly a
crapshoot I got denied from like 20
schools and gotten to those two honestly
take the shotgun approach apply to a
bunch and I stays matter a shit-ton what
do you say is gonna help you with us is
honestly time like once you start
working some of the opps you're gonna
notice a lot of them are similar so I
would use like the same well I'm about
to drop some knowledge right now oh yo
I'm ready they're ready too
by the way if you want help on your
essays and increase your chances of
getting into these schools you've gotta
check out today's sponsor bull's eye so
there are new app that helps you
organize all of your college
applications but the most important part
is they can connect you with advisors
who are recent graduates from top
schools like UC Berkeley UCLA MIT and
Stanford so today we actually got a
really special offer if you're applying
to college soon click the link in the
description join bullseye comm slash
free session to claim your first free
20-minute session with an advisor you
can ask them for some advice how to
frame yourself in your essays things
like that they will help you gain to
these schools for free so click the link
in the description join bullseye comm
slash free session to claim your first
free 20-minute session within devices
and hopefully this can become your new
life yeah I'm gonna give you the best
essay you can write all these privates
ask why Cornell why Georgetown all this
is so such here's what you do
you do a day in the life so I had listen
just wait I'm about to drop it okay
so for example I basically wrote like oh
I envision myself waking up as a senior
going to Acts Hall taking the X class
with Professor X right now it's very
specific
I get so specific but it's the same
outline for every school oh I went to
this club I'm currently the president of
this club I'm leading all this blah
blah blah
oh I'm doubly major in this because I
was able to follow my passions ba ba ba
end it with like now I'm hanging on my
with my friend bah-bah-bah and basically
you create this outline you can repeat
it for every school just find a
different class different professor
different club oh and throw in like oh
I'm about to go to chosen coffee shop
right now drop like these little
knowledge pieces oh hey Georgetown I
said walking the class making sure to
step over the something seal there's a
seal though it's like I know and I got
in that school I don't know if that was
deciding factor but I like to think so
well how did you find out information
about these schools did you watch
YouTube day in their life just Google
everything's on Google my friends and
everything is on my channel because you
can watch the day in the life baby
University Village and then you
literally just script out what I'm
saying in the videos and read that into
your college applications if you get in
you got to subscribe subscribe now right
now exactly that like button right now
what do you know comment how
good-looking I am
thank you I'll see you next time and
Rustique thanks